- Previously
on "Hit the Floor"...
- Will you marry me?
- Yes.
- My last boyfriend was stage 4
and didn't tell me.
He was taken from me
without a good-bye.
- There may come
a time when you
could use
my help around here
or I could use yours.
- I'm not what you need.
- You know, when they call
your name out there,
they might not be shouting it
the way you want.
- Go to hell, Pastor.
- You, me, a date?
- I'm not dating
anyone right now.
I'm taking time
to work on myself
and what I need to get done
the rest of this season.
- I never thought
there'd come a time
that I'd feel something again.
- You want to take the shot?
- Yeah.
- I started something,
and I need to see it through.
- Does that offer still stand?
- Come in.
- All right, now.
- Okay.
Now I really should leave.
- Wait, wait, wait.
We don't have
to go separately.
Let's go to the arena together.
- Together, like,
together-together?
- We are, aren't we?
- Kyle didn't want a piece
of next season's dance team.
Well, she didn't want to do
what it took to get it.
You're clearly smarter.
- That's just icing
on the cake.
I'm as motivated as you are
to do some damage.
And the Devils
are getting closer
to winning the title, so...
what's the plan?
- For reasons
I won't get into,
my badge has been deactivated
at the arena.
I won't be at today's game.
But I can operate
inside the arena
with a different set of hands.
- What do you want me to do?
- I've been given
some information.
I haven't been able
to do anything with it
because I have no proof.
You could get it for me.
- What information?
- It involves Jude Kinkade
and Derek Roman.
I'm told Jude used
to get Derek coke.
Jude? No.
- Yes.
It's definitely true.
I got it from the best.
Now I just need someone close
to them to get the final nail.
Jude's with Noah,
isn't he?
- I'm not interested
in using my friend.
- My boyfriend dealt coke.
I wouldn't think
you'd be much of a friend
if you didn't tell me.
But all right,
if not Noah,
maybe someone close to Derek.
German, maybe.
Or London.
No one's closer
to Derek right now than London.
- I'll figure it out.
- Devils!
- You got this.
- I do now.
- A PDA.
Finally pulling your love train
out of the station, huh?
- And onto the red carpet.
A big movie premiere
tomorrow night.
- Get it!
- It's the final seconds
of the Western Conference.
It's anybody's game.
The Devils are going
to the final!
- Hello, baby's first finals.
- Yeah, it's great.
- Hey, what's going on
with you?
- Are you asking as my friend
or my manager?
- Whichever one
gets me the answer.
- I-I'll get it together
for finals.
- Okay.
- Derek's playing lights out.
I've never seen him
play harder.
- Wonder why.
- What do you know?
- I don't know anything.
I'd be curious the last time
he was drug tested, though.
- You think he dopes?
- I think he parties.
At least he used to.
- Everyone knows that.
- Does everyone know
Jude brought the party?
Jude used to score coke
for Derek.
- Who told you that?
- When Jude was just
an assistant,
he hitched his wagon
to Derek's star.
He became his go-to
for everything.
- Including coke?
- Being Derek's go-to
helped get
Jude promoted to junior agent.
It helped him get his start.
Maybe you don't know your guy
as well as you think.
- Or maybe Derek's not
your guy anymore
and that's why
you're telling me this.
- I'm telling you this
because you're my guy.
- And the fact
that I'm a reporter.
- Puts you in a position
to check it out
and judge for yourself.
But that's on you.
- Hey.
I got your text.
Something wrong?
- Yeah, now I know what it is.
This is the week
your brother Marcus died.
- Not one person's
brought him up to me.
He should be in the finals.
- But not you?
- I'm playing for my brother.
If I don't deliver--
- You already have.
You and Derek brought
the team this far.
These are your finals,
not Marcus'.
- I gotta go.
- The Devils have a 50-50 shot
at winning the title.
That means that you have
a 50-50 shot of walking away
with egg on your face
if you insist on keeping
this campaign
against them going.
- So you think I should
call a truce?
- I think you should look
at the bigger picture.
Warren, the Devils
making the finals
is a feel-good story.
It's been great for the League.
- I just need to get through
this season in peace.
- If the Devils win,
the first person Jude
wants Derek to thank in front
of millions of people is you.
For all your support.
Sounds pretty peaceful to me.
I'll see myself out.
Eve.
- What was she doing here?
- Making a good argument
for dropping
my ultimatum
against the Devils.
- You can't be
considering that.
- I'm more than considering it.
- I don't care what she said--
- Enough.
I'm taking you off time-out.
And off payroll.
Eve, you're fired.
- Hey, you coming
to the premiere?
- Mm, can't afford
a free movie.
But I'm glad you came by.
I need a maid of honor.
You game?
- Wow.
Kyle, I'm honored.
But I've never planned
that kind of party.
Maybe you want someone with
a little bit more experience.
- We only have enough money
for 12 beach chairs
and some bug spray.
Think you can handle that.
- Can you?
Marry a guy with no money?
I thought you'd wait
for the big score.
I scored Beau.
But if you want to launch
a Kickstarter
for our honeymoon,
please, start kicking.
- Miami just won
home-court advantage.
- That's rough,
opening finals on the road.
- I'm good with it.
They blew up our house.
Now we tear down theirs.
- Maybe this time, their coach
gets the concussion.
- It wasn't too long ago
you were trying
to give each other concussions.
Now you're running up hills
fetching pails of water.
Hard to imagine what could have
torn you boys apart.
- Things happen.
- Right.
- I got a date to get to.
You two kids have fun.
- Are we having fun?
My night's wide open.
- I can't.
Sorry.
- Everything okay?
- Totally.
I'm just...
trying to get ahead.
- I heard you were fired.
- And you came to gloat.
I came to congratulate you.
You're free.
- I feel free.
I almost lost a heel
running through the field.
- Hey, you're lucky I didn't
come here to kick your ass.
You came after my friend.
Jude's entire life
is the Devils.
- Your loyalty never ceases
to amaze me.
- That's what loyalty does.
- Sometimes it horrifies.
Everyone in that arena
knew the truth
about German and my mother.
Did you?
- I just found out.
I can only imagine
how you must feel.
- You're right.
You can only imagine.
- I do know how desperate
and alone I felt
when I went to Oscar
for help once.
It almost destroyed me.
- There's nothing left
to destroy.
- That's not true.
I can help you find a new job,
new goals.
You don't have to be alone.
I could be loyal to you.
If you let me.
Eve.
Whatever this is...
I can't know.
Not until you let go
of this vendetta.
Will you?
- Derek, London, over here!
- Derek!
- So, D-Ro, London,
what is this now?
- Derek, a little to the left.
- Right this way, please!
- I'm glad
we made it official.
- Should have done it sooner.
- Guys, right this way!
- Not me.
- Oh, yeah, black girl magic!
- Pastor Curtis!
- Any statements?
Pastor Curtis.
- Can we get a minute
of your time?
- Jamie, over here, over here!
Questions, questions.
- Over this way. This way!
- Jamie.
Pastor Curtis, please.
- Pastor Curtis, over here.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Are you jealous?
- How did you even meet him?
- Christian Mingle.
You're having your date.
I'm having mine.
- I thought you were better
than this.
- Well, I guess
you thought wrong.
- Just when I thought
you couldn't sink any lower,
you find a new pile of shit
to limbo under.
- Oh, I'm not sinking, London.
I'm finally lifting myself
back up.
I'd think you'd
be happy for me.
- You don't think,
or else you wouldn't
be here with her.
- Oh, it was an invitation
I couldn't refuse.
- Much like my gag reflex
right now.
- Or maybe she saw something
in me.
Same thing you see.
- I have Derek now.
- Yeah, but does Derek
have you?
Does he know you like I do?
Has he seen you cry?
Does he know all your secrets?
- A real man
protects his woman.
You threw yours to the wolves
and hid like a bitch.
You're lucky
there are cameras here.
- I hope this wasn't
too awkward for you.
Enjoy the show.
- Are you okay?
- Don't worry about me.
Worry about her.
- Eve.
You always pick
the most out-of-the-way places.
It's like you're ashamed of me.
- Pierce.
I need dirt on someone.
- Who?
- Commissioner Matthews.
- I am losing track
of your hit list.
- Fortunately,
that's not your job.
- It is, actually.
I'll tell you what.
I'll do this for you.
But you have
to do something for me.
Tit for tat.
- What do you want?
- I want to know
what exactly...
you've got going on,
what your endgame is.
- I'm not that cheap.
- Neither am I.
- Team jet leaves in an hour,
fellas.
You want to play game one,
be on it.
Let's go, let's go.
Hustle up.
- German.
Hey.
- Noah.
- Are we alone?
- Yeah.
What's up?
- I was doing some research
on a Derek-Jude thing,
and I stumbled on
a Derek-German thing.
- Derek-German?
- Did you guys control the
spread in a game this season?
- Come on, Noah.
- So it didn't happen?
- Stumbled on how?
- You're not answering
the question.
- There's nothing to answer.
Somebody would be a fool
to admit to that.
- Somebody would be a fool
to lie,
especially if I could
connect them
to someone shady
from Derek's past
who made a big bet on a game
LA played against Portland.
I pulled the tape.
Derek held the ball.
- It didn't have anything
to do with Derek.
It was me.
I had this thing
that needed to happen.
Just ten points in a game.
Derek was only helping me
out of a jam.
Trust me.
It affected nothing.
Just one game
at the beginning of the season.
I swear,
it's nothing.
- Okay.
I figured there had
to be an explanation.
That's why I came to you first.
- Thank you for that.
I appreciate it.
- Sure.
Slaughter them in Miami.
- We'll do our best.
It was me.
I had this thing
that needed to happen.
Just ten points in a game.
Derek was only helping me
out of a jam.
- Hurry up, Kyle's gonna
be here any minute.
- Ooh, love is in the air.
- Oh, you little Devils!
- Surprise.
- Desiree! You're here!
Oh!
- Kyle Hart's
bachelorette party,
where else would I be?
You are full of surprises.
- And I've got one more.
- Mm.
- No one knows we're here.
I only had a budget
for a lockpick.
- You broke
into the Playground?
Oh, I have raised my girls
so well.
Okay. It's time.
- Oh.
Uh-uh.
Okay, I don't know
what kind of lady boner
y'all are trying to give me,
but have at it.
Come on.
So far, this is the laziest
dance y'all have ever done.
- Oh, yeah!
- Oh, my God!
- Yes!
- I love me some party favors.
- You could go home
with a goody bag.
- Keep your goodies
in your bag, Valentino.
I'm a proper wife-to-be.
- Oh!
- Okay, what's going on?
- What?
- We all saw Jamie
with the pastor.
You're here.
She's right there.
Her ass is thoroughly
unkicked.
- Tonight is your night, Kyle.
- And tomorrow?
- Tomorrow you'll be gone.
I want her ass kicked...
out of the Devil Girls.
- You look amazing.
- Thanks.
- You looked amazing
on that red carpet too.
- Hey--
- Don't bother.
- London.
Hey.
- Hey, you ready?
- Uh, I am.
Yeah.
Kyle, not so sure.
She's been in that cabana
for an hour.
Been looking for holes
around the beach
to see if she Shawshanked.
- Could you get her?
- On it.
- Yeah, please.
- Derek.
- Save it.
- I wanna explain.
- You wanna save your ass,
and you'll say anything
to do it.
- That's right, I will.
Because being a Devil Girl
is all I've got,
and you're the only one
who can help me stay one.
- Why should I?
- Because you humped
and dumped me, for starters.
How about that?
How did you think
that would make me feel, hmm?
You didn't.
'Cause you had something better
to run off to.
- Not better.
- You know, after
the at least friendship
I thought we had...
You told me once
I was a fighter.
And you were right.
When you grow up dirty,
you fight dirty.
Everything was being
taken from me.
I just...
wanted to take something back,
even if it was just my pride.
- Did you get it?
- No.
I'll see what I can do.
But this is it.
Your last save.
- Kyle?
- Leave a message
after the beep.
Beep.
- Should I send Beau in?
- I'm just gonna need a minute.
- You've had 60.
- I'm having...
thoughts.
- Like second thoughts?
- No, pretty much
just the one.
I'm never gonna have sex
with another man again.
Whew, I'm sweating
and cold
and dizzy all at once.
I--
Do you hear that ringing?
Okay.
- So let me ask you this.
- Mm.
- If you could only
have sex with one man
for the rest of your life,
who would it be?
- I talked to Eve.
- I hope you had better luck
getting through to her.
Did something happen
between you two?
- We kissed.
Lionel...
she's messed with all of us.
You can't trust her.
- Are you telling me
to back away
because you don't want me
to have her
or because you don't want her
to have me?
- I know you can't
keep a secret,
but I can't keep one from you,
not after what you told me
about your ex.
So I have to risk it.
When you asked
about me and Derek,
I danced around it.
There's more to it.
When I was starting out...
I would do anything to have
a seat at that table.
And part of that involved...
me getting Derek something.
Getting Derek coke.
Look, I was young,
but I knew what I was doing.
We had a falling-out about it,
and it was just...
- Thank you for telling me.
- Well, that's not all.
The big secret
going around here
involves the commissioner.
He gave us an ultimatum.
We either win the title,
or we're done.
The League will yank
our franchise and...
bring a new team to LA.
Eve Vincent stirred him up.
She has it out for everyone.
She did from the minute
she got here.
- It all makes sense,
why you've been working
so hard.
- Well, you've been
working hard too.
- Yeah...
I've been working on a story.
But...
It's not a stone
I want to turn anymore.
So I'm dropping it.
- Since when do you stop
pursuing a story?
- When it could hurt someone
who doesn't deserve it.
- Noah.
- Jude.
- I knew it.
It's what I told you.
- It's not what you said.
It's...
That doesn't even scratch
the surface
of what you hold on to.
You're so secretive.
It's second nature.
It's just who you are.
- I'll be better.
- You're perfect.
You're just not perfect
for me.
I don't blame you.
I just...
I just can't love you.
I'm sorry.
- Okay.
Kyle's coming.
What?
- I need to talk to you.
About Jamie.
- Oh, did she drown?
Did I miss it?
- I need her to stay
on the team.
I'm not excusing what she did.
But she's had a tough life.
She knows she screwed up.
And some of that
may be my fault.
But that's it.
After this, she's on her own.
I hope you can understand.
- You're a good man,
Derek Roman.
- Tide's coming in, bitches.
Let's get this show
on the road.
- You look incredible.
- I know.
Where's the officiant?
- Here.
- Excuse me?
- It took five minutes online.
- Come on, now.
- Here I come.
You know it.
All right, all right.
- He's a cool-ass dude, right?
- Hell yeah.
- She's a bomb-ass chick,
right?
- The bombest.
- Then by the power
vested in me,
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
I don't want to see
any lipstick left.
- Guys.
You got a permit
for all this?
- Time to hot step, y'all.
Hey, don't forget
the presents!
Okay, thanks.
- Thanks, buddy.
- What you did was messed up.
- I've been a friend to you.
- Oh, that's crap,
and we both know it.
We're something,
but it's not friends.
But you keep me around
to what?
Help your ego?
Have something to wag
in front of Derek?
And to go to the premiere
with the pastor?
- Sometimes you have to make
strong moves to be great.
- You think that was strong?
That was sloppy.
You made this whole scene,
and the only thing people saw
was a mess.
No one saw you,
but I see you.
You're so scared.
People will take from you,
hurt you, leave you--
- Because they do.
- You hold on so tight,
but you have a guy
standing in front of you
that you don't have to worry
about holding on to
because he'll never
let go of you,
and I've had every reason to.
But I'm here.
I'm here.
Excuse me, mister.
I just gave you
a triple orgasm.
I'ma need a bigger
smile than that.
- I'm happy.
I am. I just feel...
- Feel what?
- Guilty.
You married someone broke.
I know it was a sacrifice,
and don't deny that I needed
the jaws of life
to get you
out of that cabana.
- Beau.
Hey.
Nothing could keep me
from marrying you.
That's what really
freaked me out.
I knew.
You had me.
Body and soul.
And body.
I'd rather be poor with you
than rich with anyone else.
- I love you, Kyle.
- I love you too.
You son of a bitch.
- Your stuff's right there.
Um...
so...
somewhere between...
last night
and this morning--
- Can we not?
- You're freaking out.
All right, I get it.
It's okay.
- Pax...
you're a good guy.
I don't want to hurt you.
- Do I look hurt?
I told you
I wouldn't let go.
And I meant it.
You deserve to go
the distance with someone.
- I did go the distance
with someone.
Derek.
Right.
- You spoke to Noah?
- Yeah, the coke story
was a dead end.
There was something else,
but that's dead too.
- What something else?
- Noah thought Derek
may have helped German
fix a spread
against Portland.
But it all wound up being
a great big pile of nothing.
We're out of moves.
- We're not out of moves.
- If you're looking
for a tearful good-bye,
you've wasted your time.
I don't need your tears
or good-bye.
I'm staying.
- You're what?
- I wanted you to be
the first to know.
I'm restarting my church in LA.
Hollywood loves
a good redemption story.
You got yours.
Now I'ma get mine.
Be seeing you around, London.
A lot.
- One game down.
- Three to go.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
And thanks to you,
Commissioner Matthews
is looking to ease up on us.
- One more to go around?
- How'd you get past security?
- I came in on
the commissioner's badge.
- He fired you.
- Fired and rehired
when he realized he made
a terrible mistake.
It helped to learn
his wife's infidelity
wasn't limited to Pax.
Turns out she slept
with seven different players
from seven different teams.
Faced with either
a career-ending scandal
or a week in Hawaii,
Warren chose the latter.
He'll be spending some time
there with the missus,
trying to repair
that freak show of a marriage.
While he's gone,
I'll be representing him here.
- You chose blackmail.
- The Devils have
no safety net.
No reprieve.
It's title or game over.
- Late workout?
- Not in the mood for a chat.
- Wasn't asking permission.
You cried to Derek and got him
to come to your rescue.
I told him
I was okay with that.
We're both liars.
So if you think got away
with that little stunt,
you didn't.
- I can't help it
if Derek is such a softy.
Well, he wasn't
a few weeks ago
when we had sex.
- Derek told me.
That was the same day
it was over, right?
Apparently,
you like all my hand-me-downs.
Keep the pastor.
He's going straight to hell,
and so will you.
- I've been waiting for you
to do that for so long.
- Hello, Pax.
- I got nothing to say to you.
- Not even a "thank you"?
- "Thank you"?
For what?
Trying to get me cut
from the team?
- Actually, yes.
- I heard you were crazy.
- I'm sure you heard I was
a whole bunch of things.
I tried to get you out.
But you hanging on
might wind up being
the best thing for both of us.
- What are you talking about?
- You can help me.
To do what's right.
You have integrity
where the others don't, Pax.
Including your idol, Derek.
- You don't know Derek.
- I know he fixed
a game with your coach
to meet a ten-point spread.
- Good night.
- An early game. Portland?
Let me guess.
You're remembering a moment
when he held on to the ball.
What was the score?
- 106 to 96.
- Derek cheated while you were
on the court.
He played fast and loose
with the rules
and with your career.
This tarnishes you now.
The Devils
don't deserve a title.
Derek Roman shouldn't be
celebrated by everyone
while good people,
like your brother,
are forgotten.
Marcus never would have played
the game dirty like that.
I can make it
so your brother's legacy
lives on forever.
- How?
- When a new team comes to LA,
I'll make sure
it's his name on the arena.
- You can do that?
- You just have
to help me make sure
the Devils
don't win the title.
The Devils are going down.
Question is...
whose side will you
be on when they do?
Derek...
or Marcus?
- Marcus.
- Next time, on the season
finale of "Hit the Floor"...
- It's title or game over.
- It's either I win
my first title as a head coach
or I coached the last season
of the Devils ever.
- You're on your own.
- I hate secrets,
and I was keeping
the biggest secret of all.
- One more thing,
something I've been
afraid to tell you,
but I have to.
- Someone has to lose.
- What the hell is this?
- I protected you!
- Let's see what the headlines
are tomorrow.
Devils Nation will fall.